They also have a camera.
Ohh he's also he's also there. Cool.
Hey.
Yeah.
OK, let's start with ISA.
What have you been doing from 3 to now?
I will show you.
Let me share my screen.
I have been doing this.
I made two line Shards, one for the total crimes and one for the total nuisance.
And then you can select each neighborhood we have and you can also see the percentage change like how much it has dropped or increased over the years.
That's actually way better.
I was trying to visualize the total crimes as well for each single neighborhood, but I'll show you in a second how it looks like because it looks terrible.
OK, but yeah, I did this in one hour, so I'm we'll probably make some improvements to it.
OK, cool.
Cool.
Yeah, I'll show you what mine looks like.
Michael already knows how it looks, but it looks ******* terrible.
Yeah.
No, it looks good.
It looks good.
OK, well, I hope it's enough for the hour I had also.
Mood.
I've been working on it for hours already and it looks terrible it no, it's art.
Well, just in between, my sister did win sounds design.
That's good.
Accounts for her.
Umm.
So yeah, but yeah, but yeah, that's what I did.
Cool, cool.
Cool.
Umm, what are you gonna keep on working on?
Probably improving the visual right?
Yeah, maybe add more depending on what we want.
And then I think tomorrow or Wednesday, we should do the checklist and then add the checklist.
But for now I will add line charts and keep making this one better.
That cool Marwa about you?
For so I was struggling with streaming because for some reason didn't wanna work at first.
So as Alican and he helped me wait, I'll share my screen.
So I was able to add the checklist to streamline it, right?
But I still have to like make it look nice.
And if you select it, you can you see each?
Ohh that's cool.
Yeah, but for not only have the data checklist because I think we still have to add the Lai checklist, right, ISA.
Peter.
Yeah, we still have to look that through and I think I'm not sure.
Did Shawna say it needs to be 1 document?
Because I think it needs to be one entire thing.
So we should combine those.
Yeah, we'll do that tomorrow.
Yeah, that's fine.
OK.
I can add it here.
Yeah, sure.
So yeah, that's what I did, since.
Yeah, but it took a lot of time since then.
Work for me at first.
OK.
And you're gonna keep on working on improving it, right?
Yeah.
OK, cool.
And Nepal, can you show it?
First, what you've done because I'm trying to. Uh, what?
I'm what I'm not sure.
So I've been working on the visualizing the the stuff so the bar charts here looks good for now, but when you hover over it, you'll only see they stayed over last Antonio and that needs to be the specific the actual unique value of the nuisance.
So, and they need to work on that.
If you click on here you see the explanation, what it's what's being shown here.
So that and this is my crime line chart and it looks ******* terrible.
This is the code I have for that, but I've been working on that for two hours a little over 2 hours and yeah looks terrible.
So if I add like another.
Uh crime, it looks like this.
Well.
So I have no clue how to fix that, just looks terrible, so I'm working on that and I've been working on my files.
That's what I've done.
OK.
Onto Michal.
Looks like no, it doesn't work.
Actually it doesn't work now.
Can you?
Does it work on your when you go here?
No such file or directory, but that's because.
Whereas, since like uh, it is here, it's there.
OK, come here confused.
Copy path.
Where's the file?
The Python file? Uh.
What's going on there?
There's cool.
All the way up where you loading the model.
I like this OK and then put R in front of the.
No.
Yeah, there.
Here, let me check work, OK?
There you go.
Should work now.
OK. Uh.
Screen.
Yeah, I'll stop sharing my screen.
First I go.
Think so long listening.
Uh.
This is what I've done today.
I was working on the uh deploying the model on our stream leads.
Can you hear Michal, by the way, or?
Yeah.
OK, cool.
Yeah, I can see it.
Yeah.
So.
So yeah, that's what I was working on, then it's and it's worse.
Slightly ohh.
She.
So like, that's how I've made it, like with the sliders and my team was like twice.
OK.
It's just.
Is there any questions that you want?
So yeah, I I might like the sliders for everything.
I know if that's like good idea.
That's that's how it is for now.
And sure, we can choose like the neighborhood.
OK.
And yeah, based on this, you can predict some things like the public instance.
So this and also I created the virtual environment for our to like.
Yeah.
That's the 3-4 IO and I also sent a message for you about it on WhatsApp so that you can now like.
That's about it.
Sure.
Listen, and now I'm also trying to like do code linting and formatting, because it's also necessary for IO.
That's the.
Yeah.
And that's that's all it work.
What I've done today.
Yeah.
Age.
That's it. Cool.
Yeah.
Uh.
Alright.
And then umm yeah.
That's it, actually.
Yeah.
What's you?
I mean, I'm gonna keep on working on the uh, what's it called?
In Florida.
Learning charts.
OK.
Yeah, the charts then maybe something else.
Alright.
Oh, OK.
And it's also done one moment.
I will try to move as much as I love seven as we can.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yep.
But maybe says between to me.
OK, cool.
That's it.
So this big T what time tomorrow?
Ohh saltiness.
Umm.
Same time.
But the blocker?
Yeah, yeah.
Probably at 12 because I can't make 11:30.
But it's OK.
I won't make it, so probably 12.
Yeah, they've only talk about the mental connection, yeah.
Maybe we'll be here live here.
All right.
Bye guys.
Yeah.
If someone wanted to to join, OK let you know.
See you tomorrow. No.
See you tomorrow. Bye.